>> Todd Gardner: So those were common
tools that you could just pick up,
any one of you, run it against a site
that you own, a site that you don't own,
whatever, and you get interesting
performance-related data.
But if you do own the site,
if it's your site that you're trying to
optimize things for, it's good to
use something beyond Lighthouse,
something beyond your local Chrome,
because your local Chrome,
your Lighthouse, whatever, is lab data.
And if it's a site you own that's private,
you probably don't have CrUX data.
Probably not, doesn't exist.
Even if you do have CrUX data,
the CrUX data doesn't let you,
you necessarily drill
in like Web page test.
It just says, here's your scores,
you can't see four people
who have a bad CLS score.
Let me see the waterfall so
I can recreate what's happening.
There's no way to do that with
the tools I've showed you.
That's where RUM tools come in.
Real user monitoring.
Real user monitoring is
the data that you can use to
collect that data from
those real users yourself.
And then there's not any limitations
around making things anonymous,
or fuzzing it, or only capturing so much.
You can capture all the data
you want about your users so
that you can try and recreate it.
There's lots of different tools.
If you Google RUM, you might get RUM and
Bacardi and that sort of stuff.
But if you do a lot of stuff in web
performance like me and Google knows who
you are and you type RUM, then you'll
get a bunch of web performance tools.
And here's the main differences
between these sort of things.
So, both the Chrome user experience report
and real user monitoring are field data.
This is both real data
from your real users.
CrUX only represents
logged in Chrome users,
so you're not going to get
any data from Safari users or
Firefox users or
people who didn't log into their Chrome.
Whereas real user monitoring gets all of
your data from every browser that you can
capture.
You might not always have every metric
if the browser doesn't support it,
like you still won't magically get
Core Web Vitals from Safari users, but
you'll have some data.
Whatever is capable of being captured.
CrUX is just the top
million public websites.
Real user monitoring can capture
everything from whatever set you want.
CrUX is anonymous and public data.
Your competitors can look it up,
anybody can look it up.
The real user monitoring data is yours.
CrUX is the 28 day rolling average.
Real user monitoring can
give you real-time data.
So, you could see,
how fast was my site performing today?
I launched a change earlier today,
is my site faster now than
it was before that change?
Real user monitoring can do that.
And CrUX is all based in Google BigQuery,
that's where that data lives, real user
monitoring is custom dashboards, either
something you build or something you buy.
It's a tool that you use in some case or
another.
How do RUM tools work?
Usually, it's code that you have to
install that does that same sort of
performance observer pattern.
What these agents would look
like under covers, if you like,
kind of break them apart, is there's
a bunch of performance observers grabbing
data and sending it off somewhere
to be logged and reported.
So generally, you'll pull in an agent if
you're using a service, a third party,
you'll pull in an agent, you'll install
it, you need to give it a token or
whatever.
And there's lots of these tools,
and you've heard of a lot of them.
So, I like to think of two kind of
categories of them based on what
kind of developer you are,
what context are you operating in?
If you're in a big enterprise place,
you have a big website or
you have a big company, it's got a lot of
money, you have lots of engineering teams.
You probably have access to
some enterprise RUM tool,
like Akamai mPulse, is the definitive
one that kind of created the genre.
Dynatrace, AppDynamics, Datadog,
Sentry, the list goes on and on.
If you have a big APM kind of
monitoring tool that executives got
taken out to golf outings to purchase,
it probably has some RUM
capability in it somewhere that
you can use to get this data.
The other class of tools is, what I like
to think of as project-based RUM tools,
where you have this website and you wanna
monitor it, but you don't have, like,
the budget for that sort of thing.
You have a smaller team.
Like, you don't have
$100,000 a year to spend on
something like the tools
on the left tend to cost.
You wanna spend something on,
help you fix one particular project.
Here's a bunch of tools that
kind of fit in that category.
Request Metrics,, SpeedCurve,
gets a lot of notice.
RUMVision, Pingdom, Raygun.
There's a ton more, if you already use
a tool, your favorite tool might be,
I might have not excluded it.
These are just the ones that
I think about and talk about,
have seen referenced a lot.
I'm gonna talk a little bit about
some specifics on RequestMetrics.
So, disclosure, I built Request Metrics.
It is the RUM tool that I
created based on my knowledge.
And where a lot of my web performance
knowledge comes from is in kinda gathering
that data and what it looks like.
So, I'm gonna use that as a quick example
of the kind of data that RUM tooling can
get and how you use it.